# IXI2020_ASAP
We are working on a mobile app which will allow people to own a pet of their own in virtual world using Augmented Reality. The idea is to educate children and adults on how to care for animals. The biggest problem that this planet is facing is climate change. Humans, with all their intelligence can manage to adapt easily with their inventions but animals have no means to cope with it. The outcome: Extinction. A huge number of animals have gone extinct in past centuries. Reason: They were not able to cope with the changes happening all over the planet. Our whole concept rotate around letting people pet an animal which is extinct now. We will also provide learning materials for all age group so that they can learn about those animals, their living conditions, food habits. We will also create a routine following which you can handle your virtual pet, control their lifestyle, play with them or go on a walk with them and all of that without having to put a leash on it. The more we understand the animals, the more we will be able to love this planet. This is the need of the hour and we believe we can make changes for better. With Augmented Reality, you can make your pet interact with the real world. Your pet will evolve with time, the better you care the stronger it gets. It has also been found in a study that pets are helpful for people with mental illness. There are centres where people with mental health issues are given pet therapy. Well, the good news, we can treat them at the comfort of their home and for everyone, you will never walk alone!
# Package Link: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1jEMUdYpLuWpnHjf9PkiR3Y8cRYYihEAI - This is the unity package of the project.
